what is going on yahoo reloaded my name
is killa guns and i have a awesome tips
and glitches video for you today right
here this is the simplest one and what
you're going to do is at the start of
the sixth round you're gonna have your
trampoline you're gonna find a corner
doesn't necessarily have to be this one
and you're gonna let your trampoline do
the entire work for you if any of those
zombies get through just melee them do
not shoot whatsoever because it'll mess
it up and what happens is you gain an
extra perk and it helps you become a
stronger player to get to those higher
grounds in the game for this one this is
a awesome hidden perk that you can use
and what you're gonna do is you're going
to go down one of the broken elevator
shafts and you're gonna grab the
galvanized novels so from here on out
all you're going to do is melee the
zombies with the galvanized knuckles you
got a melee them if they're coming at
you and you got to melee them when
they're coming out the windows and what
happens is you gain a hidden perk so as
you can see here that was believed the
fifth round or fourth round now he's in
the eighth round all he's been doing his
may lane the zombies here he gets up
some type of Perth and here he gets a
green mist from the guy that he punched
inside the window now he can run for
longer lengths of time so if you get in
a sticky situation you can get away from
the zombies much much quicker and real
quick guys all these tips and glitches
were found by my friend j-ro he is an
awesome awesome zombies player he loves
playing zombies and he's the one who
found these tips and glitches so like I
said it's a hidden perk that you could
use so you could run for longer lengths
of time to help you to get to the higher
rounds and
and get away from the zombies if you get
in a sticky situation for this one right
here this is a awesome awesome glitch
that you can use to help you get to the
higher rounds what you're going to do is
going to start off a game of transit on
solo and you're going to knife all for
zombies that are at the beginning then
what you're going to do is you're going
to go over to quick revive and you're
going to purchase yourself a quick
revive for 500 points and once the
zombies get inside the room you're gonna
let them down you so as soon as they get
in I'm gonna let them down me and it
will go to the next step for this
awesome awesome glitch so now once I get
up I'm gonna head back over to quick
revive and I'm gonna purchase myself
another quick revive and then what
you're going to do is you're going to
let the zombies downing again and then
once i get back up we'll go to the next
step so now when i get up you're gonna
notice a green mist around me right
there as you saw it now you're gonna let
the zombies down you one more time which
I'm just toying with the zombies here so
I'm gonna let them down me one more time
and what I'm gonna do is I'm going to go
to die rise and I'm gonna start the game
off and die rise now what I'm going to
do is I'm going to wait for the zombies
to come out so I can show you the glitch
and it's at the start of the game it's
in round 1 as you see on the screen and
once the zombie comes out which I see a
zombie on the other side here we go now
look how many times it takes for him to
kill me
one two three three four so it took four
hits for the zombie to take me out now
we're just going to do a regular game
without the glitch on 12 so it's an
awesome glitch that you can use so you
could survive longer in the game well
guys I really hope you enjoyed this tips
and glitches video I want to see you out
there black ops 2 going to the highest
levels as possible use these to your
advantage just in case if they they
patch them use it to your advantage and
I will see you guys on the next video I
appreciate your time have a good one
you